OKTA-806883 - Deprecate remaining hook apis from vuepress (#5086)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021/index.md

#### SAML parameter SessionNotOnOrAfter is GA in Preview

> The SAML parameter `SessionNotOnOrAfter` for SAML assertions is available for use with Okta's [SAML inline hooks](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/InlineHook/#tag/InlineHook/operation/createSAMLAssertionInlineHook). This optional parameter specifies the session lifetime, in seconds, and is included in the SAML assertion. The `SessionNotOnOrAfter` parameter allows the Identity Provider to control the session of the Service Provider. Most SAML applications manage their own sessions. However, some SAML applications require this parameter from the Identity Provider for session management. <!--OKTA-406633-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAML parameter `SessionNotOnOrAfter` for SAML assertions is available for use with Okta's [SAML inline hooks](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/InlineHook/#tag/InlineHook/operation/createSAMLAssertionInlineHook). This optional parameter specifies the session lifetime, in seconds, and is included in the SAML assertion. The `SessionNotOnOrAfter` parameter allows the Identity Provider (IdP) to control the session of the Service Provider. Most SAML apps manage their own sessions. However, some SAML apps require this parameter from the IdP for session management. <!--OKTA-406633-->
```
